Let me do the YouTuber voice. Boys,
today we're playing the 10 worst ideas I
have in my giant list of ideas document.
That's right. Thanks to Manscaped and
Rage Shadow Legends and Prime and
Lunchley and like Bill Cosby, we are
going to go through all of the worst
ideas I have in my document. If you
aren't aware, I have a document that's
600 pages, which is all of the ideas
I've just been stacking up over the last
six years that I've been doing this. So,
these are ideas from like Sorry, let me
do the YouTuber. So, these are ideas
from 2018 and I think some from 2019
that have just been sitting in the
document for literally five or six
years. So, we're going to try to knock
out all 10 of these today. Starting with
Oh my god, you guys aren't going to
believe this. The Mario Maker appendage
challenge.
Hey, this is Doug Doug, where we solve
problems that no one has. Today we're
doing the Mario Maker appendage
challenge. We're going to see if I can
beat five levels of Mario Maker, but
after every level, I have to use less
and less of my hand to actually play
with a controller. Is this possible?
Let's find out. Also, if it's boring,
which I assume it will be, then Twitch
chat can vote to skip this and move on
to the next game. Here we go. Wow.
[Music]
I literally can't do this level with one
hand. Is this possible? Hold on. I going
to do
>> I have not been more engaged with a
stream.
>> This sucks.
Okay. All right.
>> No joke. No meme. I actually can't be
bored in your stream. No matter how
boring you think it is. All right. By
>> No. No. No. Okay. This is genuinely
boring. This is not entertaining. I'm
just sitting here. An interesting stream
has something where like it is
increasing in excitement. This concept
is just Mario but slow. As the appendage
challenge continues and I'm playing with
one finger, it's not more interesting.
It's just slower. There's no more
tension to the game. It doesn't get more
interesting in any way, shape, or form.
Okay. Wow. I [__] did it. Stage one
of the appendage challenge complete.
What a great idea. 2018 dog. That was
fantastic. I know you guys aren't going
to say that it's boring. Okay. Like,
yes, we're going to do the bit and say
it's exciting, but you know, internally
this is super boring. This is not a
funny idea. Okay, we do have to keep
playing it because you guys didn't say
it's boring.
>> Fine. I will admit it is boring to you,
but we are having the time of our lives.
>> Really? Time of your really time of your
life. That That was that awesome.
>> Doug, shush. Please don't yell. I'm
trying to enjoy the game play, etc.,
etc.
>> I know it's a bit, but I refuse to
believe that internally you guys aren't
saying this sucks. I think you're
underestimating how much amusement chat
gets from you telling us not to be
amused.
>> And I get that, but this is a bad idea.
>> The more irritates you, the more
entertaining it is for us. It's like you
don't even know us.
>> No, this is awesome.
[Music]
Oh god. Okay, that was actually kind of
sick at the end. But can I beat a level
using only my foot? Wa!
Wait.
Cinema,
hold on. Hold on.
[Music]
>> Well, fellas, it's been a good time, but
it's almost time to part ways with the
Mario Maker appendage challenge. The
only one left is beating a level using
my chin, and then we have to move on to
something else. Never to return to this
again, ever. Can work well for YouTube
thumbnail image. Wait, hold on, chat.
How's this look? Would this be a good
YouTube thumbnail?
If I hold it, then the thumbnail could
be like this.
Oh, wait. I can put it here.
Can you guys still hear me?
Okay, here we go. Final level. Don't I
have to press L and R to get into the
menu?
Oh, okay. That was hype. This is
literally called easy. Please let this
end.
I actually can't beat this. This
requires two buttons. Okay.
>> You look like a bird eating seeds.
>> I don't look like a bird.
Yes. Yeah.
[__] yeah. That's not even I'm actually
hyped as [__] Yeah.
>> 2018 Doug was really cooking.
>> All right. You know what? I'm so back.
That was sick. Doug, I legit just got
here. Why are you abusing your Switch
controller with your chin?
>> Cuz 2018, Doug was cooking, that's why.
>> And thanks for watching. I actually had
a ton of fun making this video. It was
infuriating, but really fun at the same
time. And I'm working on a bunch more uh
gaming challenge type videos.
Hey, this is Doug Dug, where we solve
problems that no one has. Today I'm
playing Team Fortress 2, but I'm going
to set my mouse sensitivity as low as it
can possibly go and see if I can get
three kills in just one life with this
setting. It's going to be really hard.
Let's find out. So, here's what I can
do. I go to mouse settings in Windows.
And the cursor speed right now is set to
13. I'm going to go down to one. And
then on my mouse, I'm also going to turn
this down. And now we got to open up
Steam.
Sorry guys, TF2 is on the other monitor.
You're going to have to wait a few
minutes.
Mouse sensitivity. Currently, it's set
to 3.33. Let's get that Let's get that
number down. Oh, my match is ready.
[Applause]
Okay, I've clicked. Okay, let's be
heavy. Heavy is the best bet here for
sure. Oh my god, it's so slow.
[Music]
This is too slow.
Okay, I'll admit this is funny. But this
is going to get boring.
No. Walk in. Walk in. Walk in. Walk into
my cursor. Walk into my cursor. I got
one. Wait. Wait. I have I have a healer.
No. No. Walk in. Walk in. Walk in. [__]
According to the rules of what 2018 dog
said, it could be high mouse
sensitivity, which means
[Music]
We're going with high mouse sensitivity.
And now we have to go in here. We're at
0.1. We're going to go to 10 million.
All right. Last kill. Okay. I actually
don't. This is actually worse than low
sensitivity. Somebody asked, "Am I
cheating?" I think there's a bot on
blue. Can anybody watching the stream
jump on me, please? Here, I'll crouch.
If you could just jump onto my gun, that
would be great. Okay, they're trying.
Okay, so cool. Perfect. And now No,
somebody else killed him. [__] Yeah.
No, I need you on I need you on my gun.
All right. All right. Right here. And
then we aim. Oh [__] I'm talking.
No. Okay, we got it. We got a kill.
That's one out of three. This feels a
little rigged. I'm going to go out into
the open, though. For people who don't
know this map, I'm now moving out into
the open, so I got to earn the last two
kills. I'm running out of ammo. I don't
know if I can actually get Wait, wait,
wait. Oh, we got backstabbed. Okay, I
think it's got to be low sensitivity.
This is impossible. All right, we're
going back down.
>> I predict the next stream idea will be
Doug going to the hospital with
repetitive strain injury after swinging
his mouse around playing with super low
sensitivity.
>> No, don't worry. My forearm has a lot of
training.
>> Wait, there's somebody behind me. Turn
around. Hurry.
Damn it. It was a medic. Look, I'll
admit it. I'm actually kind of
entertained by this. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.
One, two. Come here, [__]
[Music]
Crit rocket. Crit rocket. I was just
outplayed. Outplayed.
>> Now he's having fun. I'm kind of bored.
>> Hold on. I just move my mouse over
there.
Okay. All right. That's fine. It was
worth a shot.
>> Hello, editors. When you turn this into
a YouTube video, please edit all that
last scene into an MLG style video with
zoom ins and outs. And of course, Snoop
Dog we like references will never die.
>> If he just comes if he just pops around
the corner. Oh, no. Please, no. No. All
right. All right. I just got to That's
all just genuine skill issue. Okay. All
right. I'll take it. I don't care. Head
level and we wait.
Okay. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come
on. Come on. One more. Come on. One
more. No. 120 damage. I need Whack him.
Whack him. Whack him. Whack him. Whack
him. Whack. [__] Yes. That's the sniper
that killed me. That's the sniper that
killed me. That's legit. That's legit.
That's legit.
And a fourth. And a fifth. And a sixth.
I'm the greatest GM2 player of all time,
dude. Oh, by the way, I'm not wearing
pants. I forgot to mention that.
I'll admit it. 2018 Doug was cooking.
Oh, that was awesome. And thank you so
much for watching. I really appreciate
it. Just started live streaming a few
days a week and it's actually been super
super fun. So, if you're into that sort
of thing and you want to watch stuff
like this unfold live, should come check
it out. With that said, I do feel a
little weird about uploading live stream
content onto YouTube.
Hey, this is Dog, where we solve
problems no one has. I just very
recently found this jetpack mod in GTA
5. Came out 8 years ago. So, we're going
to find out. Can I drive from the top of
Mount Chiliad all the way to the bottom
into the ocean while boosting on a
jetpack? Also, this idea seems bad
because you can just fly most. This is a
stupid.
Here we go.
Okay. I thought it would get a little
more air. Wait. [__] All right.
Actually, this is going to be really
[__] hard. Or as a reminder, we could
just say it's boring. Okay, ladies and
gentlemen, attempt number two.
Okay, wait, wait. Angle up and now
boost. Wait, we could maybe land this.
Oh. Oh, no. Okay, we have a plan. It's
actually possible to land.
>> Doug, I'm not getting old Doug vibes.
Could you try and be less confident?
>> No, I don't know, fellas. I don't know
if I can do this. If we land this, we're
good. Angle, angle, angle. Hold on. I'm
beginning to believe. Get there. Get
there. Get there. Get there. Can I jump
out of the plane? [__] To get more of
that nostalgia vibes, can you put down
your green screen background? It looks
like you only got it way later.
>> Just that amount. Oh, ramp off the
stairs. That could be just enough
height. Say it. Hi, YouTube. I was here.
Cinema, get it ready. This is actually
going to be sick as [__]
Okay, good stuff.
>> That hurt.
>> I think there is something wrong with
your green screen. I can see a faint
hint of green on your arm.
>> Oh, that's right. Here, I can get that.
All right, there we go.
Are we counting this as the top? Cuz
that's it right there. That's the line.
[Music]
Hold on. No, we're [__] But this is
new record, I think. Holy [__] We
[__] got there. Wow. 2019 Doug was so
smart. Hey, the green screen's a little
low. Why didn't anybody tell me?
Hey, this dog solve problem. We all love
my hilarious voice commands videos. So,
today we're going to find out. Can you
ride across all of Skyrim on a horse?
Markarthart to the coast using only
voice commands. Here we go.
Ready,
set,
forward.
Oh yeah. Here we go.
Left,
right,
right.
One sec, guys.
>> Come with us now.
>> Right.
>> I don't know who you think I am, and I
don't care. Leave me alone.
>> Right.
>> I don't have time for this foolishness
now. Come along quietly.
>> Right.
[Music]
>> How far have we gone?
Please chat for the love of
[Music]
Can we like talk about something? Is
there like a new game that's come out
that is people are interested in or like
how's the weather?
Thanks for asking. It's fine. How's the
family? Yeah, we're good.
We can only talk about 2018 topics.
Okay. Infinity War. Yeah, that was
pretty good. You guys remember that?
It had Spider-Man.
[Music]
>> Right, right, right, right. And now we
will crest over this peak and see the
end of the map. There it is. The ocean.
I was here.
We did it. Wow. 2018. jug really was
cooking. That was [__] awesome, guys.
So, you know, it definitely is doable.
Very tedious. They take a long time, but
I do think it's all worth it for that
delicious crab meat.
Hey, doggy, I solve a problem. Now, I'm
pretty good at 2D platformers, and I was
very good in 2018, by the way, which is
why we're going to find out. Can I beat
Super Mario World, but at four times
game speed?
>> Be on the right side of history and
>> Oh my god, this is impossible.
This is impos This is not helpful. 2018
Doug was not cooking.
It's way too fast.
This is impossible. Uh, actually, I
meant, can you beat Super Mario World at
two times game speed? Okay.
Okay, this is good. It's fast, but it's
playable. We can all agree that this is
hype. Wow,
>> I didn't know we were watching a
quitter.
>> [__] [__] [__] I'm not a quitter.
Look at how fast I'm playing. Can we
please skip this game?
>> 2018, Doug would have had no problem
with this challenge.
>> 2018, I'm going to be honest with you.
2018, Doug was on steroids. He was on
steroids. I didn't tell you guys about
this, but there was a lot of
amphetamines and a lot of steroids. I
killed a guy.
Ah, what? I was pressing the wrong
button to save it. I I didn't save it
and then I loaded. Oh god, this is going
to take so long.
[__]
[Music]
Okay. I mean, I am getting better at the
game and it's getting kind of fun. I'm
going to be honest. 2018 Doug was kind
of cooking. This took a little while to
get going, but I am actually kind of
enjoying myself.
>> Dead look cat in the eyes and say you're
having fun now. No, I'm not. I'm not
having fun.
>> I wanted to believe you were good at
Tootsie platformers, but watching this
egregious gameplay at double the speed
has damaged my faith. It hurts when you
can't see.
>> Okay, I now. How about now? That was
pretty good.
>> What the [__] How?
>> This is going to be so hard to survive
through. Wait, wait. Can I do it here?
This might be my last attempt.
This might be wrong. That's what's up
right here.
[Music]
It It's impossible. This is impossible.
No human being could beat this. 2018
Doug is an insane man who had no
grounding in reality. He had no
grounding in the limits of a human
being.
[Music]
That might be a kill. Oh, [__]
That's That's it. That's a kill. That's
a kill and
time.
Me dog. Honestly, I think I kind of
cooked on this one. We're going to find
out if you can beat any boss in Cuphead,
but the top half of the screen is
completely blocked by Point Crow, I
guess, cuz he's streaming right now. Oh
god, I am actually doing the the meme of
the journalist. What do I do?
All right, Cuphead. Here we Let's kick
it off.
This is going to be hard.
Okay, so far I only need the bottom
half. Uh-oh. I can't see the drops. Oh
god. I'm just guessing.
Okay, wait. I'm through that stage.
That's important, isn't it? It's carrot
slash, right?
Dude, I can't see any of the obstacles.
Oh. Oh, wait.
Is anybody?
>> This is way too easy. I literally can't
see any of the obstacles. What are you
talking about?
>> Please crit. Please, please crit with
Vain Attack.
>> What is going on up there? My Cro seems
upset.
>> Could you swap the position of your
camera with point Crow's camera so it
looks like he is playing Cuphead
instead?
Okay, we're getting lucky.
And then I just do fire all my things.
[__] It's so it's like just random. I
just have to get lucky. You can see how
upset I am because I'm rubbing my
eyeballs.
>> Hey Doug, where did you get the full
head of hair? And why are you wearing
glasses?
>> I literally have more hair on my head
than boy. Oh, he died. What happened?
>> So uh
>> he got crit.
>> Uh there was uh the I I guess the only
way the only way I could have uh like
dodged this is uh by holding a white
herb beforehand. Um but unfortunately I
wouldn't have known that. So, um, uh,
yeah, I was I was banking off of, uh,
lump, uh, there. So,
>> when did you actually get handsome?
>> Uh, that unfortunately sucks. Um, yeah.
Uh, Dong Dong led that led us into the
death. Um,
>> but it turns out 2018, Doug was only
half right. What would make this better
is if somebody else can see the top half
of the screen and we have to work
together to figure out what's actually
going on. So, I called Failboat and sent
him the top half of my screen. All
right. All right. Let's get going.
Ready? I just have to beat one boss.
This one I got covered. The next stage
though, that's where I need you. Okay.
All right. Get ready. Okay. So, here
comes the onion. The onion's going to
cry. I need you to tell me whether his
next tier is going to be on the left or
middle or right of this side.
>> I How am I supposed to tell? I can't see
his eyes.
>> You're going to see in a sec. There's
going to be tears. Left. Left.
>> Wait. Go left or left. Go left or they
are left. They are everywhere. They're
going everywhere.
>> Oh my god, that worked. Okay, that was
>> You need to tell me You need to tell me
where the carrots are coming from.
There's carrot moments. You need to tell
me if they're coming.
>> Okay. Okay. Right. Right.
>> Coming right. Coming left. Coming left.
Coming right. Coming right.
>> Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
Okay. He's shooting things. Forgot about
that.
>> Be right. Where's the next beam? Where's
the next beam? Where's the next beam?
Okay.
>> Okay. Wait. Wait. I'm going to shoot.
Car right.
>> What? Oh. Car. Wait. Where?
>> Car right.
>> Okay. Wait. Wait.
>> Left. Carrot. Right.
>> Okay. Okay. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
Wait. Are you shooting beams? Is he What
is he doing? You need to tell me.
>> He's beaming. He's beaming. He's
currently doing the beam stuff.
>> Where? massaging. Carry carry coming
left. Where where coming right
>> that was actually cinematic 2018.
>> It was just that easy, dude. Shout out
to 2018 Doug for not writing me out of
the challenge.
>> Damn. Like I'm going to be honest,
pretty boring of an idea, but there was
potential. And I think that's why I let
it cook for 6 years. will
mug.
>> Hey, this is Doug Douga. I very recently
found this portal mod for Mario 64. It's
like 9 years old, which allows you to
create portals in Mario 64. Who knows
what kind of hijinks we'll get up to.
We're going to create an infinite loop.
This is genuinely going to be cinematic.
Check this out.
That was so antilimactic.
She just said,
"Okay, we're good." Yes. Wow. Great job,
Doug from 2018. You sure found a mod
that was cool that you didn't make 50%.
Finally, chat agrees that this is
boring. I feel like I accomplished
something today. After 5 hours, I've
bored my viewers. That was so difficult.
Oh, thank God. I mean, I think the
reason probably a lot of people aren't
voting is because they've died of
boredom. Checkmate terrorists.
We will still sell guns.
Today, I came up with a crazy twist on
Mario Party. I'm going to play a full
game, but you only win if you have the
least amount of coins at the end.
>> Also, this sounds super boring, Doug.
You old [__] idiot. So, I'm going to
play this at 10 times speed to actually
get through it quickly. Ladies and
gentlemen, prepare yourself for the
fastest and probably most boring game of
Mario Party ever. Go.
Wait, hold on. Let me speedun timer.
This is pretty boring, guys. You know
what we could do instead is we skip
Okay, wait, wait, wait. As long as I got
the least coins. I did a full game in
like 5 minutes. Okay, I don't have the
least right now, but that doesn't
matter. It's about how many you got.
Luigi has more cuz Luigi spent a bunch.
Okay, hold on. Technically, Luigi has
less coins than me. Okay, I have 26. But
he also spent a bunch of coins during
the game. I never spent any. That means
in total I earned less coins than him.
That should count. Check the rules.
Yeah, hold on. The rules. goal of
getting as few coins as possible. Does
that mean you lost? I won by having the
least. Like, I still won that. We don't
have to play the whole thing. We're not
playing another game of Mario Party.
Congratulations, me. We have completed
uh stream number eight. Wow. Incredible.
[Music]
Hey, this is Doug Doug. We saw problem.
I actually cooked on this one to be
honest. I don't know why I didn't stream
this before. Today we're doing Zelda
Breath of the Wild, but with two people
splitting the Joy-Con controllers, so
you have to perfectly coordinate
together to play the game. The goal is
to make it all the way to Ganon at the
top of Hyrule Castle. It's very
dangerous. And I'll be doing this
challenge with a guy who I actually
barely knew at the time, whose name is
Parker.
Parker,
Douglas. Douglas, are you ready?
Sounds like there's like people throwing
metal up against a brick wall.
>> No, they're saying who?
>> Oh,
me.
>> Look. All right.
>> What do you mean who?
>> Look. Okay. The ch the challenge is we
got to Oh god, we died. Okay, so you
have the controller. Uh-oh. That moves.
So, if you press minus
>> if you press minus
>> I'm not seeing the minus.
>> There is literally you are literally
trolling.
>> This is probably the home button.
>> No, that's taking a picture.
>> Oh. Oh, they have a button for
screenshot. This is a great game.
>> Zero for two.
>> Wait, is this a button? Oh, this is a
button. Yes, that's the minus button.
Yes. Okay, good. We went to the map. All
right. All right. All right. We're
going. So, now we have to move our way
towards Ganon, who if you move the M.
Move up, up, left, left, left, left,
left, left, down, down, down, down,
down. Wait, wait, wait. No. Up, up, up,
up, up, right, right, right. There.
There, there, there. Stop. Left, down,
left, down, down. Stop, stop. No, no,
no, no. Okay, we're going to Hyrule
Field. Hyrule Field is [__] because
there's guardians. We have to run. Okay,
I can hold the sprint button. You need
to aim.
[Music]
This is the most boring game I've ever
played in my entire life. I've been
pressing one button this entire time and
I have no idea what's happening.
>> You're doing great. Okay. See the castle
covered in swirly purple. No, literally
the center of the screen.
Oh, up. What's that? Go. Wait, wait. I
can do No. No. Stop. Go up. Left. Up.
Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left.
Left. Up. Left. Left. left. Okay, that
worked. No, no, no, I didn't.
>> Did we win?
Wait, this is great. This
>> is not right.
>> Oh, it's an actual real game. I can
actually play.
>> What did you think was happening?
>> I don't know.
>> Are you Are you literally trolling or do
you genuinely not understand that
pressing controllers cause this thing to
happen in a video game?
>> I hardly realize it's a controller. Who
makes a controller like this? This is a
real controller. You control things with
a controller? This is like a pack of
gum. Oh, a horse. Oh, actually, we could
get the horse. Hello, Mario. Okay, let's
go to the horse. Okay, he's coming. Run
around. Run, run, run, run, run, move,
move.
The horse is on its way. Just not not
into the enemies. Hold on.
Okay. Anywhere, but into the enemies
repeatedly. There, there, there. Jump on
him. Move on him. Move on him. We are
going to die. You have move forward. I
will jump. Jesus Christ. You're not.
You're not. We're not moving. We're
literally not that horse. Get just stand
next to a horse, please. For the love of
God, Mercer, it's been seven hours. Move
forward. Just move forward at the horse.
Literally hold it at what? Hold it
forward.
>> Not at the bats. Oh my god. We're going
to die and have to redo this. Literally
step. There we go. Okay, now aim at the
castle. Go, go, go, go, go.
We're headed in the right direction.
It's the castle.
>> We sure are. We are making progress.
That is true. Okay, the giant swirly
castle up there is Hyrule Castle, and we
need to get there before the guardians
kill us. Okay, here's there's one that
sees us. Move, move, move, move, move,
move. Keep moving. Hide in the trees.
There's another one. Go left. You went.
Okay, go through those doors. Door's
right there. Go, there's two of them.
What are the laser beams?
>> They are the guns. There's one next. Go
right there. Go in there. Go in there.
Hurry. Hurry. I'm moving. Don't let
>> I literally had the right control
direction button pressed down.
>> You have to you have to aim the horse.
Oh my god. Parker, go. Go.
Wait. Go to the right.
>> There's a gap in the wall.
>> That's the one that killed us.
>> No, it's not. There. Oh my god. There's
three of them. Where's the gap?
>> That hole or that door. Go. That's a
wall. Oh god. You went right into the
wall. 2018 Doug was a piece of [__] I'm
gonna say it.
>> I only saw right. There you go. There
you go. Now left. Left, left, left.
Okay, beautiful. We got through. Okay,
we're kind of starting to cook a little
bit.
>> The horse just There's another guardian.
There's another guard. You have to turn.
You have to turn. You have to turn. I
can't do it. He jumps automatically.
>> Oh, let's make a right.
>> Not at the wall. It vibrated again.
>> That's cuz you ran into a wall. The
horse got upset.
>> Oh, that's what that means. That's why
it's been vibrating so much.
>> Okay. Right or not. Okay. Wait, what's
the Oh, there's like a cinema emote.
>> Oh,
he's boring.
>> I agree. Does chat agree?
>> Get ready to turn left. Get ready to
turn left. Oh, [__] We Okay, I think we
just get out of the car. Just go, go,
go, go forward. Move forward.
>> Go. Move forward. Move forward. Move
forward. Move. Move forward.
>> I was wondering.
>> Go forward. I was wondering.
>> Go forward. We're going to die. Go
forward.
>> I'm going forward.
>> You're not You're not going. You're
literally not.
>> I am going forward. He is. Okay, now
it's fine. We are on foot. You know, if
you had explained this to me earlier, I
would not have been so stunned by it and
I would have had the focus to steer
properly.
Follower gold 1 million. Dude, I was
here. Whoa. Damn. I want to say thank
you to everybody. This has been a long
time coming. Six years of doing Twitch.
Thank you to everybody who's watched any
of the streams, shown love, shown
support to the YouTube channel. Like
it's just Oh, [__] They hate us.
>> I'm trying to open the rune, but you you
blocked the screen. You are inhibiting
my
>> You can still play.
>> Oh,
the one.
>> Thank you all so much for being here and
for all the support. You were here at
the Oh, no, no, no, no. We're back down.
Oh, 1 million followers.
I want to thank I want to thank Parker.
Okay. All right. This is important. This
is the type of gameplay that's going to
earn us a million followers. Okay. If we
run up the path and we just keep going
up the path, we actually could get to
Ghana pretty quick. This could be hype
as [__] People will say pogies and I'll
get a million followers on Twitch.
>> You already have a million followers on
Twitch.
>> Set. Go.
I trusted you to survive while we were
working on this has been going on.
>> Okay, we're swapping. This is a classic
2018 swap move. Okay, I need you to get
ready with a jump. So, the way this
works, a jump uses extra stamina.
>> Oh, is it? But it's like if there's a
sliver, you need to be a sliver left.
So, the red needs to fully deplete the
green bar. It's not that the red hits
the end. So, at the last possible
instant, I need you to do this. Not yet.
Not yet. Now.
Oh,
okay. Change the camera. Are we safe?
Are we safe? Look around. We're like at
the top. Okay. Safe. Safe. Safe. Safe.
Safe.
Okay. Oh my god. This is the room.
Oh my god. You want the honors? One more
swap. I don't know what this means. It
means it's time for the best godamn
Zelda of our lives. Okay. This is the
Ganon fight. Okay. This is blight number
one. Are you ready? Okay. So, I control
fighting. You have to get in position.
All right, get in position. All right,
I'll shoot him with arrow. Aim, aim,
aim, aim, aim, aim, aim, aim, aim, aim,
aim, aim. Oh, I aim. Nice. Move back.
Move back. Move back. Move back. Back.
Move back. Move back. Move back. Aim.
Aim. Aim. Aim. Aim. Aim. Aim. Aim. Go.
Go. Go. Go. Go. Oh. Per. Go left. Go
left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left.
Left. Left. Left. Left. Left. Left.
Left. Go forward. Forward. Forward.
Forward. Forward. Forward. Forward.
Perure. Go. Right.
All right. All right. Get the sword. Get
the sword. Go. Go. Go.
>> What?
>> Well, what do you think of um Breath of
the Wild?
>> Oh, we got the 1 million followers.
huge. Oh my god, this is huge. This is
huge. I didn't think it would actually
happen today. I am so thankful to all of
you for being here when we hit 1 million
followers on Twitch.tv.
2018, Doug, you've done it again.
Hey, just want to quickly say thank you
so much for watching and holy crap,
thank you for all the support on the
channel recently. Like, I am just blown
away that people are enjoying all these
dumb videos, but I'm really grateful and
I'm going to keep working on as many
more as I possibly can. Right now, I'm
kind of planning on putting out a mix of
the food videos.
All right, everybody. This is my best
and greatest idea from seven years ago.
I genuinely thought this would be a sick
ass stream, and I never actually did it.
What if you played the very recent game
Mario Odyssey, but in real life? I
bought a Cappy hat and I have to throw
Cappy onto something just like Mario
does in the game. Holy [__] this one
cooks. You know how in Mario Odyssey he
throws his hat at things like this? Oh,
here's a fire hydrant. Oh,
>> I've never played this version of Mario
before.
>> Whoa. All right.
>> Wait, I'm not Jack. You have to call
Jack.
>> No. All right. You're going to be Jack.
Okay, Jack. We're going to find an
object in my room. We're going to throw
it just like Mario does. What's a thing
from the game that we can throw a hat
onto? Wait, am I the object? Is that why
I need to be here? You know what? There
is a person here. Yeah.
Wait. Yeah, that could work. All right,
Parker. Ready? Here we go.
Take my glass off first.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Wait, hold on. I see the line. Hold on a
[__] second.
[Music]
[Applause]
Yes. Yes.
Yes. We did it. We [__] did it. Yes.
God. 2018, Doug. Holy [__] I was so
smart in 2018. That was [__] awesome.
So, it definitely is possible to pull
this off. And in total, it took me a
little under three hours from start to
finish of like actually making it
happen. Um, but frankly, this is not a
good use of your time.
[Music]